get out of the steering wheel one hour boy driver
that only I thought the driver caused a
salseiro button zara overall it's good that
it's cable
three normal accidents one night in the
south river area
she hit a car ran over a gari
gari who plays poorly and working in
belly but I have already talked about the
raise the garis and actor through the gari and
after exchanging military police
not satisfied yet tried to stick to
dry law blitz
okay you future it will more
puts on the screen for the goalkeeper
cristiane santos magalhães 42 years old
age drove this vehicle when
around 10 o'clock this evening.
Thursday hit another car in the
Atlantic Avenue in Copacabana and would
escaped from the local military police
were fired on teixeira de melo street
in ipanema the driver is over
running over a gari cleaning
of the place
pleted lopes da silva of 40 years of
age was taken to Miguel's hospital
and then forwarded to the
police station to testify
cristiane continued the flight and finished
hitting a military police officer in the
still in ipanema she would have stuck a
blitz of the dry law between avenue vieira
and farme de amoedo street and it was only
stopped a few meters later as
explained this PM official.
she came to offer resistance in being
to the police station commented on this
procedure not resistance but not her
I was psychomotor ability
quite altered with several signs
notorious for drunkenness
the vehicle was removed from the site but
Our team was able to locate the car
being towed part of the front of the
vehicle was destroyed
cristiane was taken to the police station
leblon has paid bail and will respond in
freedom